Extend stock allocation section with a click and collect part (#471)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/stock-allocation.mdx

There is an option to change the following warehouse fields: `name`, `slug`, `email`, `address` and
also define privacy and `click and collect` options.

> The warehouse could be defined as private or public. When the warehouse is public, the stock
> is shown, otherwise it isn't.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The warehouse could be defined as private or public. When the warehouse is public, the stock
information can be queried publicly in API. Otherwise, it requires permission.
```

> is shown, otherwise it isn't.

Author: I changed it according to @maarcingebala suggestion. Please take a look :)

### Click-and-collect warehouses

> The `click and collect` options allowed defining the warehouse as a collection point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `click and collect` options allow defining the warehouse as a collection point.
```

Three options can be used:

- `local stock` - the stock from this warehouse is used during the fulfillment process,
  this option is only available for public warehouses

> - `all warehouses` - the global stock for a given product is used during the fulfillment

Reviewer: What does "global stock" mean?

Author: It means the total stock of a given product from all warehouses.

Reviewer: I would specify that as well, not sure if this is obvious.

Author: sure

  process, the available quantity is not restricted by the quantity of this warehouse,

>   and ordered products can be shipped from a different warehouse

Reviewer: "from a different warehouse" - any other warehouse? Or only from those with "all warehouses" setting? We could specify.

Author: Any other that is in a checkout channel. I'll specify this.

> - `disabled` - the warehouse cannot be used as the click and collect point

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `disabled` - the warehouse cannot be used as the collection point
```

In the case of click-and-collect, warehouse availability does not depend on the shipping zones,
it's only restricted by channel relation.

> So the warehouse is available for the given order as a collection point when the following two

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The warehouse is available for the given order as a collection point when the following two
```

conditions are fulfilled:

- there is a stock with available quantity for a given product

> - the warehouse is available in the channel in which the order is created

Reviewer 2: In the case of `click-and-collect`, the warehouse availability does not depend on the shipping zones. It is limited only by the given channel.
The warehouse is available as a collection point for the given order under two conditions:
- there is a stock with available quantity for a given product
- the warehouse is available in the channel in which the order is created.

#### Allocation

In the case of checkout with the local collection point, the stock allocation can be made
only from this warehouse. If there is not enough quantity, the `InsufficientStock` error
is raised. In the case of checkout with the global collection point, the stocks are
allocated from the chosen warehouse in the first place, when there is not enough quantity

> the stocks are allocated from the next warehouse with the biggest available quantity value.

Author: Cool. 🚀  I only left unchanged this sentence `If there is not enough quantity, the `InsufficientStock` error
is raised.`, IMO it sounds better. 😄
